{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs66 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 For this project, you will assume the role of a Data Scientist / Data Analyst working for a new startup investment firm that helps customers invest their money in stocks. Your job is to extract financial data like historical share price and quarterly revenue reportings from various sources using Python libraries and webscraping on popular stocks. After collecting this data you will visualize it in a dashboard to identify patterns or trends. The stocks we will work with are Tesla, Amazon, AMD, and GameStop.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 Dashboard Analytics Displayed
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A dashboard often provides a view of key performance indicators in a clear way. Analyzing a data set and extracting key performance indicators will be practiced. Prompts will be used to support learning in accessing and displaying data in dashboards. Learning how to display key performance indicators on a dashboard will be included in this assignment. We will be using Plotly in this course for data visualization and is not a requirement to take this course.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 Watson Studio
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 In the Python for Data Science, AI and Development course you utilized Skills Network Labs for hands-on labs.\cb1 \
\cb3 For this project you will use Skills Network Labs and Watson Studio. Skills Network Labs is a sandbox environment for learning and completing labs in courses. Whereas Watson Studio, a component of IBM Cloud Pak for Data, is a suite of tools and a collaborative environment for data scientists, data analysts, AI and machine learning engineers and domain experts to develop and deploy your projects.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 Review criteria
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 There are two hands-on labs on Extracting Stock Data and one assignment to complete. You will be judged by completing two quizzes and one peer review assignment. The quizzes will test you based on the output of the hands-on labs. In the peer review assignment you will share and take screen shots of the outcomes of your assignment.\cb1 \
}