{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red5\green61\blue199;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c33725\c82353;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs66 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stock shares\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 A company's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/stock.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 stock}} share is a piece of the company; more precisely:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 A stock (also known as equity) is a security that represents the ownership\'a0of a fraction of a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporation.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 corporation}}. This\
entitles the owner of the stock to a proportion of the corporation's\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/core-assets.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 assets}}\'a0and profits equal to how much stock they own.\'a0Units of stock are called "shares." [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/stock.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 1}}]
\f0\i0 \
An investor can buy a stock and sell it later. If the stock price increases, the investor profits, If it decreases,\
the investor with incur a loss.\'a0
\f3\b \'a0
\f0\b0 Determining the stock price is complex; it depends on the number of outstanding shares, the size of the company's future profits, and much more. People trade stocks throughout the day. The 
\f3\b stock ticker
\f0\b0 \'a0is a report of the price of a certain stock, updated continuously throughout the trading session by the various\'a0
\f3\b stock
\f0\b0 \'a0market exchanges. In this lab, you will use the  y-finance API to obtain the stock ticker and extract information about the stock. You will then be asked questions about your results. \'a0\
}